? get ideas from doc

make possible to import preprocessors from preset using python import statements.

get useful util stuff from docstring generator

better script execution environment: put exec engine in its own module.
    
SP SC shortcut-processed latex
    !!! better fraction detection that uses parenthesis, and remove them parenthesis automatically
    !!! the left and right thing of brackets. detect automatically
    !!! and, or, not, union, intersection
    
SP eval python expr
SP DEF define python function that is usable in exec and SP
SP CLASS define python class
SP EX executes python code
SP SAVE save into a var
SP FORMAT or something that does printf-like stuff
!!! common ones like list, enum, item, section, title, figures, table, equation, 
auto cap, auto correct, auto line break
noindent for all
all the equ stuff from 240
convert python dict, 2d array, csv etc into table
SP VAR make variable, and only available (basically replacement) for lines after it.
    also have a separate parameter for using regex or not.

matrix and column vectors
case

!!! use OOP concepts where each topic is a class?

!!! solve the case when EQU auto line break breaks stuff in lower level SP too. maybe only limit to the same indentation?

numbered sections, subsections, etc.

SP INCLUDE include a file's content. enable possibility for searching in local file.

conditionals and variables, including inline conditionals 

? maybe auto request package for components

a better keyword like @ or $ or # instead of SP

? search up the use of \hline

!!! a bunch of functions used for inline string processing, such as some math stuff. make inline preprocessing easier?

!!! BUG: searching for matched parentheses will also count the ones that are in python string, which is not desirable. TODO
!!! bug: equation autoalign all does not work properly.
!!! bug: without empty indent, the exported does not contain blank line

!!! how to deal with when indents become too much
!!! multi line expressions?

more informative syntax error notice, instead of crashing compiler
    add checks and mechanisms to allow exception abort
    
auto scan for additional config file present and import module from it, or including headers like cpp.
also have a command INIT that put some init stuff needed such as listset for a document

optimization: better compilation algorithm (ex. less '' + '')
minor improvements such as make sure EX return don't have a final \n

? search up existing ??? to latex compiler / preprocessor.

tutorial for the use of:
    var, global_data (can and should store style etc)
    ans
    put / put_line
    chaining SP (ex. SP EQU SP SC)
    writing own preprocessors
    directly calling such as SP_UPPER().run(['hello']) in SP EX
    rules for equation auto line break and auto align (skip the ones within curly brackets, and skip the ones that already have it)

? issues:
    you can't reference a function added with add_env in another function added with add_env.
    
    messing with global and doing multiple compilation at the same time might create bad things
